Documentation updates for managed clusters (#20004)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/get-started/quickstart.md

    (2 rows)
    ```

>     When the new replica shows `ready=t`, it has caught up with the original replica. From that moment forward, they are logical clones that do the same computation and hold the same results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When the new replica shows `ready=t`, Materialize has acquired physical compute resources for the new replica. From that moment forward, they are logical clones that do the same computation. It may take some time for the new replica to catch up to the old replica.
```

Reviewer: LGTM.

## Step 6. Scale up or down

You can scale the physical resources of a cluster up or down based on need. For example, let's say `2xsmall` is not providing enough memory for the work of the `compute_qck` cluster.

1. Use the `ALTER CLUSTER` command to bump the cluster up to the next largest size, `xsmall`:

    ```sql
    ALTER CLUSTER compute_qck SET (SIZE 'xsmall');
    ```

>     Behind the scenes, this command adds a new `xsmall` replica, catches the replica up to the previous `2xsmall` replica, and then removes the `2xsmall` replica.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Behind the scenes, this command adds a new `xsmall` replica and removes the `2xsmall` replica. There may be an interruption in service while the new replica catches up to where the old replica left off.
```

Reviewer 2: PTAL again, @benesch.

Author: The important bit here is that at this time, changes are applied instantaneously, meaning that we don't wait for a new instance to catch up before tearing down the old replicas. This is subject to change in the future where we want to be smarter about it.

Reviewer: LGTM!

    (2 rows)
    ```

    When the new replica shows `ready=t`, Materialize has acquired physical compute resources for the new replica and is catching it up to the initial replica. Once the new replica is caught up, the two replicas are logical clones that do the same computation and hold the same results.

## Step 6. Scale up or down

You can scale the physical compute resources of a cluster up or down based on need. For example, let's say `2xsmall` is not providing enough memory for the work of the `compute_qck` cluster.

1. Use the [`ALTER CLUSTER`](/sql/alter-cluster/) command to bump the cluster up to the next largest size, `xsmall`:

    ```sql
    ALTER CLUSTER compute_qck SET (SIZE 'xsmall');
    ```

>     Behind the scenes, this command adds a new `xsmall` replica and removes the `2xsmall` replica. There may be an interruption in the cluster's ability to serve queries while the new replica catches up to where the old replica left off.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should put the bit about interruption in a warning callout and suggest that if this is a problem, they can use an unmanaged cluster? @benesch, @antiguru

Reviewer: This LGTM as is, FWIW. I think explaining unmanaged clusters is too in the weeds for the quickstart. Anyone that worried about uptime is likely in contact with the field engineering team in the short/medium term, and in the long term we'll have fixed this properly.
